# computing-work
The door creaked as it opened. 
Strong wind blew in, dust flew up into the sky and the dark room lit up.
"Hello? Anyone there?" I asked. 
A loud thud sent a shiver down my spine, my heart started to race and my hands started to sweat continuously.
"Hello?" I called out again, now in a soft whisper.
Suddenly, another thud came, followed by tiny footsteps.
"Hello," the voice of a little girl spoke.
I looked down and saw the little girl standing in front of me.
She had pigtails, with a little doll in her right hand and torn clothes.
"Hello. What are you doing here?" I asked and bent down so that i could reach her level.
"I don't know, I got lost here a while ago. Please help me," she explained in a timid and scared voice.
"Don't worry, I'll help you," I spoke while smiling.

She pulled my hand, leading my into the wooden house as she said, "Let me show you around first."
I felt hesitant but a sudden warmth overwhelmed me and I followed her into the house, trusting her completely.
"This is my bedroom," she introduced to me as she smiled widely. 
I looked at the ceiling and saw red paint on the walls. 
Her bedroom had flickering lights and boxes.
"What's in there?" I asked the little girl, pointing at the boxes.
"It's better if you don't know," she answered, pulling me away from the room.
"This is where I keep all the nice things," she told me as she brought me into the room.
I felt confused but followed her anyway.
"What nice things?" I asked.
She pointed at the wooden chair in the middle of the room.
"Sit there. I'll show you," she told me.
I followed her orders and sat on the chair.
She walked behind me and tied a rope around me at the speed of light.
"What are you doing!" I shouted anxiously, trying to break the rope as I squirmed in my seat.
"This is where I keep all my nice things!" she exclaimed excitedly.

That was when I realised what she meant by nice things.
She was a maniac, a monster.
"Now I'll show you what is in my box!" She shouted excitedly.
After a while, she came back with the boxes. She opened them up and I turned away.
She turned my head as I tried to resist but she was too strong. 
She forced my eyes open and I saw stuffed corpses in the box.
"This is what you will become," she smiled and explained to me.
"I'm going to go out hunting and you should stay here right after you drink this," she told me.
She forced a drink down my throat.
A few moments later, I became a little drowsy and I fell asleep, not knowing what would happen next.
